usa & canada world usa & canada australia & new-zealand india southeast asia français login forgot it?
remember me or login with facebook login with twitter register no account yet?
registering is free , easy , and private .
discuss in the forum, contribute to the encyclopedia, build your own myanime lists, and more.
× anywhere on the site in the encyclopedia in the forums news news chronological archives 22:28 microsoft xbox confirms it will not exhibit on showfloor at e3 18:40 bocchi the rock!
manga tops 2 million in circulation after reprints 17:00 uo to mizu manga ends in next chapter 15:00 j-novel club adds ' accidentally in love: the witch, the knight, and the love potion slipup ' novel 14:32 the legend of nayuta: boundless trails game's trailer reveals fall release 14:10 plex streaming service adds 24/7 hidive anime channel 12:45 an momose's shitasaki kara koi bl manga about 'cakeverse' gets mini anime shorts on youtube 10:51 the first slam dunk film wins japan academy film prizes' animation of the year 07:01 new pokémon anime reveals 4 more cast members 06:29 my clueless first friend anime's 2nd promo video previews opening theme convention reports chronological archives nov 18 anime nyc 2022 oct 31 happy halloween from the anime world!
sep 25 aniplex festival online 2022 newsfeed interest chronological archives 10:45 spanish soccer athlete andrés iniesta endorses aoashi manga mar  9 tweeting allowed at sasaki and miyano film screening this saturday mar  9 gundam: witch from mercury website briefly lists spoiler summary for anime's season 2 mar  8 one-punch man cosmetics launch in overwatch 2 mar  7 evangelion , shin kamen rider izakaya opens in tokyo on friday mar  6 hatsune miku crocs are coming mar  6 pop team epic's hellshake yano turns to card battles in duel masters play's game press releases chronological archives 21:51 unmatched in heaven and earth: udon entertainment proudly releases gurren lagann archcives this summer 17:01 meet my hero academia's christopher sabat, studio ghibli's hirokatsu kihara and more at megacon orlando 17:00 new hero issun boshi added to 'the battle cats' 07:00 fanhome launches transformers optimus prime build-up subscription for north america 07:00 doraemon story of seasons: friends of the great kingdom's dlc pack #3 “together with animals” is now available 07:00 edda to sing “mubanso” ed theme of the ancient magus' bride season 2 views features chronological archives 09:00 the double writer's guide to kamen rider mar  8 hands-on with naruto×boruto vr mar  7 your anime rankings - best of winter 2023, feb 26-mar 4 mar  6 inside bandai namco's first akihabara arcade mar  3 the many adaptations of death note mar  1 tonari animation's ceo on which innovations will help the anime industry feb 28 your anime rankings - best of winter 2023, feb 19-25 feb 27 fan meetup celebrates digimon's 25th anniversary reviews alphabetical archives 12:00 blue thermal mar  9 blue box gn 3 mar  8 paranormasight: the seven mysteries of honjo mar  8 fatal frame: mask of the lunar eclipse mar  7 immoral guild mar  6 aim for the ace blu-ray mar  5 aggretsuko season 5 mar  4 idolish7 third beat!
episodes 14-30 columns chronological archives 11:00 this week in games - welcome to the next saiyan level mar  9 this week in anime - and the award for best anime awards goes to... mar  3 answerman - what kind of content restrictions does shonen jump impose?
mar  1 the ann aftershow - more like "hash the stampede," amirite?
everything chronological archives features (incl.
interviews and seasonal features like anime spotlight , preview guide , weekly rankings ) reviews (incl.
game reviews ) columns (incl.
the ann aftershow , anime news nina!
, anntv , anncast , answerman , astro toy , intern annika , brain diving , buried treasure , chicks on anime , crashing japan , the dub track , the edit list , epic threads , from the gallery , hai fidelity , house of 1000 manga , ima kore ga hoshiin da , old school , pile of shame , right turn only!!
, shelf life , sound decision , sub culture , super plastic , tales of the industry , tankobon tower , the click , the gallery , the list , the mike toole show , the set list , the stream , the x button , this week in anime , this week in games , vice & luna ) editorials (incl.
industry comments ) advertorials new anime your score: rate the latest simulcasts upcoming anime list upcoming dvd & blu-ray weekly rankings: the best and worst of the season so far according to readers anime spotlight » previous seasons winter 2023 preview guide "ippon" again!
the angel next door spoils me rotten ayakashi triangle bofuri: i don't want to get hurt, so i'll max out my defense.
season 2 buddy daddies bungo stray dogs season 4 by the grace of the gods season 2 campfire cooking in another world with my absurd skill chillin' in my 30s after getting fired from the demon king's army d4dj all mix don't toy with me, miss nagatoro 2nd attack endo and kobayashi live!
the latest on tsundere villainess lieselotte farming life in another world the fire hunter the fruit of evolution 2: before i knew it, my life had it made season 2 giant beasts of ars handyman saitō in another world high card the ice guy and his cool female colleague the iceblade sorcerer shall rule the world in/spectre season 2 is it wrong to try to pick up girls in a dungeon?
iv part 2 kaina of the great snow sea kubo won't let me be invisible the legend of heroes: trails of cold steel - northern war the magical revolution of the reincarnated princess malevolent spirits: mononogatari the misfit of demon king academy ii nier:automata ver 1.1a ningen fushin: adventurers who don't believe in humanity will save the world onimai: i'm now your sister!
reborn to master the blade: from hero-king to extraordinary squire the reincarnation of the strongest exorcist in another world revenger saving 80,000 gold in another world for my retirement spy classroom sugar apple fairy tale the tale of outcasts technoroid overmind tokyo revengers: christmas showdown tomo-chan is a girl!
trigun stampede tsurune: the linking shot uniteup!
the vampire dies in no time season 2 vinland saga season 2 » previous seasons daily streaming reviews "ippon" again!
#9 attack on titan final season the final chapters #1 bluelock #21 bofuri: i don't want to get hurt, so i'll max out my defense.
season 2 #7 buddy daddies #7-8 bungo stray dogs season 4 #47 campfire cooking in another world with my absurd skill #9 endo and kobayashi live!
the latest on tsundere villainess lieselotte #9 giant beasts of ars #9 handyman saitō in another world #9 high card #9 in/spectre season 2 #21 is it wrong to try to pick up girls in a dungeon?
iv #21 kaina of the great snow sea #8 my hero academia season 6 #135 nier:automata ver 1.1a #6 one piece #1053 onimai: i'm now your sister!
#10 revenger #9 spy classroom #8 sugar apple fairy tale #9 the fire hunter #6-7 the magical revolution of the reincarnated princess #10 tokyo revengers: christmas showdown #9 tomo-chan is a girl!
#10 trigun stampede #9 tsurune: the linking shot #10 vinland saga season 2 #9 welcome to demon school, iruma-kun season 3 #21 encyclopedia anime top 10 latest simulcasts licensed latest in japan upcoming tv series , movies , oavs manga top 10 licensed latest in japan people most prolific cast most prolific staff releases this month companies licensors lexicon tools search by genre, theme, year comparison tool personal settings more » forum forum categories site-related general industry for subscribers forums talkback anime > series discussion manga encyclopedia feedback retail community forum information search faq usergroups my ann public public anime lists surveys contests & giveaways newsletter ann:connect subscribers subscriber forum subscribe » personal my anime my manga change skin my anime 2 (beta) about our team contact us site news staff openings privacy policy copyright policy other policies advertise with ann help faq report a problem bugs & technical questions forum login or register forgot it?
remember me login with facebook login with twitter no account yet?
registering is free , easy , and private .
discuss in the forum, contribute to the encyclopedia, build your own myanime lists, and more.
you must be at least 13 years old.
× remind me tomorrow remind me next week never remind me subscribe to the ann newsletter • wake up every sunday to a curated list of ann's most interesting posts of the week.
read more the real pirates of one piece by rebecca silverman, feb 5th 2016 google_ad_section_start infolinks_on i discovered pirates through a bizarre combination of astrid lindgren 's pippi longstocking novels (and the weird 1988 film) and robert louis stevenson 's treasure island when i was in elementary school, and my fascination with them was only fueled by my father's purchase of lucasarts' game the secret of monkey island when i was in middle school.
from that point it was basically a foregone conclusion that when eiichiro oda 's one piece manga hit, i would be a fan.
and i am – not only do i enjoy the story and the characters, but i also love the way oda incorporates the real pirates of history and legend into the series.
whether it's someone as obvious as blackbeard or as random as sadie in impel down, many of the characters have historical roots that make one piece that much more fun.
so come join me in learning the story behind the series and some of the real pirates who populate one piece !
alvida = alfhildr alvida's historical equivalent is probably one of the most obscure, but also one of my favorites.
in one piece , she's one of luffy's first enemies, captain of her own pirate band, but somewhat portly.
later she eats a devil fruit and becomes able to control her body mass, slimming down considerably.
her fruit makes her “slippery,” which is part of the link to her spiritual ancestor, the danish princess-turned-pirate alfhildr.
also spelled “alwida,” alfhildr was the daughter of siward in 9th century denmark.
she decided that just because her suitor alf fulfilled her father's requirements for her hand didn't mean that she had to, and purportedly heeding her mother's advice (“are good looks enough for you to give up your chastity?
shouldn't you judge his virtue, not just his appearance?”), alfhildr absconded, dressing up like a man and eventually teaming up with another lady pirate named groa to lead a band of sea rovers.
unfortunately, her history as recorded by saxo grammaticus doesn't tell us much more beyond the fact that she was really good at being a pirate, so alf was sent to stop her, eventually marrying her while his first mate harald got to marry groa.
alvida clearly shares alfhildr's dangerous streak and piratical success, and her later team-up with buggy is similar to alfhildr's eventual leadership over a band of male pirates.
however, it's possible that alvida isn't the only lady pirate in one piece to owe her existence to alfhildr – vivi, the princess of alabasta, also runs off to sea and piracy, and “boa” sounds suspiciously like “groa,” one of the most steadfast among alfhildr's pirate band.
oda seems to have picked up where history left off, and i for one appreciate it, because alfhildr's story, no matter how little of it we know, is worth telling.
marshall d. teach = blackbeard of course, the obscurity of alvida's namesake is a bit of a departure for oda.
(at least until we hit sadie the goat.)
most of his pirates are much more recognizable, such as marshall d. teach, who goes by the name of blackbeard.
most of us have heard of the real blackbeard, edward teach, best known for the epic showdown he lost against lieutenant maynard .
real-life blackbeard got his name from his enormous black beard, described by one historian as “cover[ing] his whole face...suffered to grow to an extravagant length...up to his eyes; he was accustomed to twist it with ribbons...and turn [it] about his ears.” apparently, he also enjoyed sticking lighted matches under his hat when he went into battle, just to be even more terrifying and inhuman.
his fearsome nature became so legendary that after lieutenant maynard cut off his head, blackbeard's decapitated body supposedly swam around the ship three times before sinking.
while oda's blackbeard isn't quite up to that level of terror, his beard is definitely starting to look more like his real-life counterpart's post time-skip.
he's also just about as ruthless, cutting a swath through his enemies and operating on a “what's yours is mine even if i have to kill you to prove it” basis.
he even takes a guy's name – blackbeard kills thatch, one of whitebeard's other sub-commanders, while the real-life blackbeard was sometimes known as edward thatch rather than teach.
so when he kills thatch, he's really just taking back what's his.
both oda's blackbeard and the historical one share an immoral nature, seeing nothing wrong with what they do.
perhaps the closest link between the blackbeards is a belief in their own superiority and power – real blackbeard never went into a fight he didn't think he could win, up to and including his fatal battle with the lieutenant in 1719. according to records, he congratulated maynard on his winning blow with a “well done, lad,” before dying with five bullets and 20 sword cuts all over his body.
we'll see if oda's blackbeard is as tough to bring down.
incidentally, the pirate museum in st. augustine, florida, has a re-enactment of blackbeard's final fight and a chance to talk to his disembodied head as it dangles from maynard 's bowsprit.
you know, just in case you want to compare oda's version to history.
edward newgate = newgate prison this is one of the more interesting connections in oda's work – not to a real-life pirate (although there were many with the first name “edward,” blackbeard and the vicious edward lowe among them), but to a place where pirates were hanged.
newgate prison was a london jail (or gaol, if you prefer) that remained in use for over 700 years.
most importantly for one piece , this was where the much-maligned captain kidd was imprisoned before being hanged at wapping in 1701. newgate was one of the most infamous prisons in the public imagination, inspiring popular novels like john dickson carr's 1950 thriller the bride of newgate and serving as the birthplace of daniel defoe's moll flanders, a woman who would have been right at home in one piece .
not only was it a place many pirates would have been leery of, much like impel down, but its presence in whitebeard's name also works with his famed stance that no one can live without a moral code.
newgate prison was concrete evidence that england had a penal code, which calls to mind the social norms and morals that tie into whitebeard's personality.
it's a slightly more tenuous connection than others (though certainly stronger than my “wapol = wapping” theory), but given the status, size, and reputation whitebeard achieves in the world of one piece , it's also one of the more intriguing possibilities behind oda's characters.
jewelry bonney = anne bonny there's no scarcity of female pirates in one piece , though many of their real-world counterparts are fairly obscure as far as history is concerned.
so it's no surprise that oda would base a character on one of the best known lady pirates of the 18th century: anne bonny.
where jewelry bonney is willing to lend a hand to a fellow pirate in need (although it helps if it will benefit her), anne bonny famously told her lover calico jack rackham, “better you had fought like a man than be hang'd like a dog,” when he came to say goodbye before his execution.
anne bonny was only ever on the lookout for one person: herself.
one of two female members in calico jack's pirate crew (and i personally find mary read's story much more fascinating), jack was the second pirate anne ran off with after she left her father's carolina plantation, where she reputedly threatened to kill a servant with a case-knife.
like jewelry, anne did have firm ideas about what the pirating life was supposed to be, and she and mary read were the only two crew members to try and fight off the navy when their ship was taken.
in fact, anne is reported to have fired below decks when no one turned up to help the women fight.
popular lore has assigned her an impressive sexual appetite, which is possibly the reason for jewelry's insatiable hunger for pizza and other food items, but as a woman who ran off with two men, that seems more like an 18th century smear campaign to me, because no good woman would have sex with multiple partners or become a pirate.
the most interesting thing about anne bonny is that she got away in the end – at her trial, she “plead her belly” (she was pregnant), and while mary read died in prison, anne's wealthy father is said to have bailed her out.
whether that's true or not, we know that she vanished from history after her child was born.
we'll have to keep an eye on jewelry to see if she eventually sails off into the sunset as well... bellamy = samuel bellamy you don't get much further from the source than one piece 's bellamy the hyena stands from his namesake, new england's “black” sam bellamy.
where oda's character is cruel, vindictive, and arrogant (less so post-time skip), the real sam bellamy was sort of a robin hood figure.
he saved his hatred for the navy, specifically the british navy, because of their habit of pressing young men into service.
he dressed well (just look at that hair!)
and conducted himself in a gentlemanly manner; at one point his ship captured a sloop and, having no use for it, voted to burn it.
bellamy told the captain, a captain beers, that he wished he could give it back, but he could not go against the popular vote.
it's hard to imagine bellamy the hyena apologizing for sinking the ship of a “hen-hearted numskull” like his historical inspiration.
black bellamy's philosophy is basically summed up in his speech to captain beers: “they [the navy] vilify us, the scoundrels do, when there is only this difference, they rob the poor under the cover of law, forsooth, and we plunder the rich under the protection of our own courage.” as pirates go, he's pretty damn inspirational, and it's even rumored that he died for love – sam bellamy went down with his ship whydah in a storm off cape cod in 1717 while trying to get home to his lover, maria.
(she was around fifteen years old, mind you, but that was 1717!)
in 1984, the wreck of the ship was discovered, and it turns out that ol' sam was a pretty successful pirate too.
according to maritime historian david cordingly, excavations brought up 8,397 coins, 17 gold bars, 14 gold nuggets, gold dust, 6,174 small pieces of gold, and almost 400 pieces of african jewelry.
that's one piece stuff right there, enough to make you grab a water-proof metal detector and head to the beach.
chances are that sam bellamy, unlike the hyena, wouldn't mind you having it if you needed it.
if you could use your plunder to stick it to the man, he'd like that even more.
bartholomew kuma = bartholomew “black bart” roberts on the flip side of the bellamys is bartholomew kuma, named in reference to bartholomew roberts, a much more mysterious (and less benevolent) real-life pirate.
in one piece , kuma is a giant of a man who, despite his checkered past, seems to adhere to a fairly strict moral code and even asks his victims where they'd like to go before he sends them away with his power.
bartholomew roberts, on the other hand, was cold and calculating, never hesitating to take on a ship with superior firepower, leading to an impressive record of over 400 ships plundered.
unlike kuma, black bart began his career in legitimate maritime pursuits.
(well, legitimate-ish; he was a sailor on a slave ship.)
he switched to piracy after the ship he crewed was taken by the pirate howell davis, getting elected captain after a mutiny soon thereafter.
his general practice was to burn captured ships down to the waterline, possibly as a sign that he could get another at any time.
most unlike his one piece character, bart was a classy dresser – he even went into battle in sumptuous fabrics and covered in jewels.
one rumor, which is totally unsubstantiated but a lot of fun, says that black bart was actually a woman, which would explain how he became davis's favorite crew member so quickly and also offer an explanation for why he kept so covered up at all times, even when his stomping grounds were the caribbean and south america.
we'll never know for certain, because he instructed his crew to throw his body overboard immediately should he die, and that's just what they did in 1722. even if we open up the possibility that oda will reveal kuma as female, he's certainly not the snazzy dresser black bart was.
both do seem to share a fondness for order, however: of all of the pirate articles (shipboard rules) that have survived, black bart's is the most complete, including items like “lights out at eight” and “no gambling” among the eleven rules.
(also, musicians only get to rest on sundays.)
kuma's bible, on the other hand, is more likely a reference to captain kidd, who is said to have buried his bible in the sand when he turned from “respectable” privateering to piracy.
on further historical examination, this was highly unlikely.
captain kidd's vilification most likely arose from his backers' fall from political favor; they took kidd down with them.
if that's the basis for kuma's book, he'd better keep watching his back.
lafitte = jean lafitte a privateer (government sanctioned pirate) gone rogue, jean lafitte's name actually fits his one piece counterpart well.
oda's lafitte was a former law-abider as well, a policeman fired from the force for excessive violence.
he later becomes a higher-up in blackbeard's crew, just as jean lafitte worked his way up the maritime ladder, starting low and ending up a captain.
at one point, he even issued a retaliatory wanted poster – the governor of louisiana offered $500 for lafitte's capture, so lafitte turned around and offered $1,000 for the governor's.
but unlike in oda's version, the real jean lafitte went back to the right side of the law, at least temporarily – when the war of 1812 broke out, he refused to join the british navy and offered the governor his services and extensive crew.
possibly still upset about that whole wanted poster thing, the governor turned him down, but a man named andrew jackson didn't, so jean lafitte went back to being a privateer, aiding in the war effort.
in fact, he provided the ammunition for the battle of new orleans.
still, lafitte was a man who couldn't be happy within the law for long, so he eventually went back to being a pirate, only in texas instead of louisiana this time.
like anne bonny, he just sort of drops out of history around 1820, although some accounts say he came back to the right side of the law and died in the 1850s, possibly in illinois.
what we do know is that he never lost his taste for a fight, which can't necessarily be said for oda's lafitte, although there must be something about him that keeps his crew in line.
perhaps he's living off of his past reputation?
we may eventually find out, but we certainly know that the state of louisiana (and texas) is doing pretty well with jean lafitte's reputation – his name stands out on many tourist attractions, and there's an entire society devoted to researching and promoting his life and history.
that makes it kind of surprising that oda's version isn't a more important character.
maybe we should keep an eye on him.
sadie = sadie the goat sadie the goat is one of the more bizarre pirates – she worked the riverfront in new york city in the mid-19th century after starting out as a pickpocket, and she got her nickname because her preferred method of attack was headbutting men in the stomach.
she made the switch from street crime to piracy after tangling with a bouncer at a particularly seedy tavern called “the hole-in-the-wall.” the bouncer in question was a woman named gallus mag, and she had a tendency to bite off people's ears.
so she bit off sadie's and put it in one of her jars.
later, after her piracy days were over, sadie got the ear back and wore it around her neck for the rest of her life.
it's pretty hard to imagine oda's sadie, the dominatrix guard of impel down, doing any of those things, so where's the connection?
oda's sadie is glamorous in her own way, very sexual in nature, and she really enjoys harming others.
sadie the goat may not be either of those first things, but oh boy, did she enjoy her violent work.
she led several different bands of (predominantly male) criminals in their efforts to rob people, and in her riverfaring days, she had them row out to an anchored vessel, climb aboard by the anchor chains – which is not as easy as it sounds – and depending on the day or ship, either take goods from the deck or take the whole ship.
at one point sadie's band, the charlton street gang, commandeered a sloop and spent some time sailing up and down the hudson, making the occasional prisoner walk the plank.
(this possibly makes her the only real pirate to use that punishment; most pirates were much more inventive.
look up “woolding” for a better idea of pirate tortures.)
the glee with which sadie the goat operated is the best link between her and oda's sadie, apart from being women in predominantly masculine places (prison guard, nyc street gangs in the 1860s).
at the very least, i'm sure both sadies would enjoy each other's company.
there are many more links between one piece characters and the real pirates of history, along with a few fictional ones.
vander decken ix is supposedly the descendant of the original flying dutchman , captain of seafaring legend.
silvers rayleigh is almost certainly a reference to robert louis stevenson 's long john silver, while basil hawkins probably owes his name to jim hawkins of the same book.
(sadly, there's no guybrush threepwood.)
so come fill in the blanks in the forums and offer your thoughts on the pirates of one piece – and may you have fair winds and following seas in all of your journeys.
infolinks_off discuss this in the forum (31 posts) | bookmark/share with: feature homepage / archives google_ad_section_end rightstuf - anime, manga and more ⬈ ⬋ - + news 18 comments original naruto anime gets 4 brand-new episodes for 20th anniversary mar 10, 18:22 18 comments anime new episodes slated for september, after selected earlier episodes rerun in japan in july ― the official website for the naruto anime franchise announced on thursday that the naruto television anime will air four "brand-new" episodes starting in september to celebrate its 20th anniversary.
(the naruto television anime debuted in october 2002.)
selected earlier episodes of the naruto anime will also ... news 25 comments boruto anime ends part i on march 26, with part ii confirmed mar 10, 18:22 25 comments anime 293rd episode to be 'part i' finale ― the official website for the boruto: naruto next generations anime announced on thursday that the anime's 293rd episode on march 26 will be the final episode of anime's "part i."
the website also confirmed that production on "part ii" of the anime has been green-lit.
viz media is simulcasting the boruto: naruto next generations series on hulu as it airs in japan,... news 7 comments new pokémon anime reveals 4 more cast members mar 10, 18:22 7 comments anime ayane sakura, kenta miyake, more join cast ― the pokémon company revealed four more cast members on friday for the new anime in the pokémon franchise.
the new characters are part of the "rising volteckers" group that professor friede leads.
the group uses an airship as their base.
the new cast includes (in order of appearance in the above video, character name spellings not confirmed) ayane sakura as... news 2 comments gundam: the witch from mercury anime season 2's trailer reveals yama's opening song mar 10, 18:21 2 comments anime yama performs opening theme "slash" ― bandai namco filmworks' gundam info youtube channel began streaming a trailer for the second season of the mobile suit gundam: the witch from mercury anime on thursday.
the trailer reveals and previews the second season's new opening theme song "slash" by yama, and also confirms that the second season will also have simultaneous streaming.
the official website fo... news 11 comments my hero academia manga takes 2-week break due to author's health mar 10, 18:20 11 comments manga manga previously took breaks in february, december due to author's health ― the official twitter account for kohei horikoshi's my hero academia manga announced on friday that the manga is taking a two-week break due to horikoshi's poor health.
the manga will not appear in the 15th issue of weekly shonen jump on monday and the 16th issue on march 20. the manga will return in the 17th issue on march 27... review blue thermal mar 10, 12:00 anime there's nothing that's actively bad about the movie, and a likable protagonist goes a long way towards keeping things breezy and enjoyable, but its pleasures are mild, and the experience of watching it is almost instantly forgettable.
― blue thermal fits into the genre of slice-of-life anime centered around students partaking in a school club together.
somewhat unusual for the genre, it takes place i... column 8 comments this week in games - welcome to the next saiyan level mar 10, 11:00 8 comments games it's ángel's birthday, so jean-karlo takes the opportunity to gush about the beloved kof character and snk games' unique history in mexico.
also, twitch cracks down on deepfakes, dragon ball z: budokai tenkaichi returns and more in this week in games!
― welcome back, everyone!
i hope you're looking forward to starting your weekend with some game news!
i could definitely use a break, i had a very busy... feature 5 comments the double writer's guide to kamen rider mar 10, 09:00 5 comments live-action with hideaki anno's shin kamen rider hitting japanese theaters, now's a good time to sink into the series.
here's a guide on the best films and shows available in north america.
― with hideaki anno's shin kamen rider hitting japanese theaters, we decided it may not be a bad time to take a look at the slowly but surely growing collection of kamen rider series and films available in north america.
in t... news 17 comments code geass, gaogaigar character designer takahiro kimura passes away mar 10, 01:39 17 comments people animator was dealing with amyloidosis ― the official website for the code geass franchise announced on thursday that character designer and animator takahiro kimura passed away on march 5, after battling amyloidosis.
kimura designed the characters or adapted the original character designs for such anime as the code geass franchise, gaogaigar: king of the braves, betterman, dirty pair flash, brigadoo... review 2 comments blue box gn 3 mar 9, 12:00 2 comments manga regardless of where the romantic component of the story goes, if it continues to develop its theme of straightforward dedication with believably emotional moments, i definitely will find myself constantly coming back to the series.
― i wouldn't go so far as to call blue box a traditional sports manga.
the story doesn't really go into the mechanics of badminton or basketball.
even though the artwork i... column 1 comment this week in anime - and the award for best anime awards goes to... mar 9, 09:00 1 comment industry beyond arguing about whether your fave made it in, what's the point of anime awards?
chris and nicky discuss the pros of the various fan and industry awards ceremonies.
― beyond arguing about whether your fave made it in, what's the point of anime awards?
chris and nicky discuss the pros of the various fan and industry awards ceremonies.
disclaimer: the views and opinions expressed by the participan... game review 1 comment paranormasight: the seven mysteries of honjo mar 8, 10:00 1 comment games while missed opportunities keep paranormasight from being a truly standout game, i still enjoyed the process of uncovering the story, even if it goes into some truly off-the-wall directions in its end-game content.
― paranormasight: the seven mysteries of honjo is a horror visual novel written and created for me, personally.
i do not know how director and scenario writer takanari ishiyama tapped into... feature 1 comment hands-on with naruto×boruto vr mar 8, 09:00 1 comment events ever wanted to run around the hidden leaf village to team up with naruto and friends to fight ninjas?
then have i got the game for you.
― ever wanted to run around the hidden leaf village to team up with naruto and friends to fight ninjas?
then have i got the game for you.
from march 21 to may 28, naruto×boruto vr will be playable on the fourth floor of divercity in odaiba, tokyo.
ann was able to try... game review fatal frame: mask of the lunar eclipse mar 8, 08:00 games fatal frame: mask of the lunar eclipse sadly never came to the united states to the disappointment of many fans fifteen years ago.
koei tecmo is here to right that old wrong, giving us the long-awaited localization.
was it worth the wait?
― fatal frame: mask of the lunar eclipse sadly never came to the united states in 2008, to the disappointment of many fans fifteen years ago.
koei tecmo is here to ... your score 5 comments your anime rankings - best of winter 2023, feb 26-mar 4 mar 7, 17:00 5 comments anime after a slow start to the season, miss nagatoro climbs into the cumulative top 10!
find out where your favorite shows rank this week.
― let's have a look at what ann readers consider the best (and worst) of the season,based on the polls you can find in our daily streaming reviewsand on the your score page with the latest simulcasts.
keep in mind that these rankings are based on how people rated in... review 9 comments immoral guild mar 7, 12:00 9 comments anime so here it is: immoral guild is a horny anime.
how horny?
monstrously.
― i briefly considered burying the lede at the beginning of this review as a joke by acting like immoral guild was some decently distinctive little fantasy sitcom if not for just one little caveat that i forgot to mention.
but that's disingenuous.
it does put "immoral" right there in the title, after all, and makes no secret what ... column 34 comments this week in anime - the cutthroat world of shonen jump manga mar 7, 09:00 34 comments manga steve and nick try to parse what makes for a winning formula in the highly competitive manga magazine, if such a thing even exists.
― if you're an avid shonen jump reader, you've likely experienced the heartache of your favorite series getting tossed in the bin.
steve and nick try to parse what makes for a winning formula in the highly competitive magazine, if such a thing even exists.
these manga a... all material copyright © anime news network llc.
all rights reserved.
served by ruka-chan report a problem × news convention reports newsfeed interest press releases views features reviews columns new anime your score for recent simulcasts upcoming anime list upcoming dvd & blu-ray weekly rankings winter 2023 preview guide daily streaming reviews encyclopedia forum my ann subscribe » my anime my manga newsletter ann:connect about our team contact us staff openings privacy policy copyright policy advertise with ann faq report a problem bugs & technical questions forum foot infolinks disabled
