begin wayback toolbar insert 151 captures 06 feb 2016 - 19 feb 2023 next/prev month nav and month indicator aug sep nov next/prev capture nav and day of month indicator 29 next/prev year nav and year indicator 2019 2020 2021 success fail about this capture collected by organization: internet archive the internet archive discovers and captures web pages through many different web crawls.at any given time several distinct crawls are running, some for months, and some every day or longer.view the web archive through the wayback machine .
collection: live web proxy crawls content crawled via the wayback machine live proxy mostly by the save page now feature on web.archive.org.
liveweb proxy is a component of internet archive’s wayback machine project.
the liveweb proxy captures the content of a web page in real time, archives it into a arc or warc file and returns the arc/warc record back to the wayback machine to process.
the recorded arc/warc file becomes part of the wayback machine in due course of time.
timestamps the wayback machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20200929013916/https://www.animenewsnetwork.com/feature/2016-02-05/the-real-pirates-of-one-piece/.98339 end wayback toolbar insert usa & canada world usa & canada australia & new-zealand southeast asia français login forgot it?
remember me or login with facebook login with twitter register no account yet?
registering is free , easy , and private .
discuss in the forum, contribute to the encyclopedia, build your own myanime lists, and more.
× anywhere on the site in the encyclopedia in the forums news news chronological archives 18:30 hidive streams utano☆princesama magi love kingdom anime film 18:00 jump force game's trailer previews yu yu hakusho's hiei 17:30 tentai books licenses world teacher light novels 16:08 lupin iii the first cg anime film screens in u.s. on october 18, 21 15:44 funimation details streaming service's expansion to mexico, brazil in december 15:01 funimation to stream king's raid anime 14:29 noblesse manhwa gets smartphone game 11:53 shin-ei animation, 81 produce announce idolls!
tv anime for january premiere 10:52 yakuza: like a dragon game moves up western launch to november 10 10:00 kodansha comics to release full shaman king manga on comixology on october 6 convention reports chronological archives sep 10 crunchyroll expo 2020: the rising of the shield hero panel sep  7 vcrx 2020: we translate your anime & more panel report jul  7 aniplex online fest: magia record: puella magi madoka magica side story - magical talk newsfeed interest chronological archives 16:45 latest nisioisin novel is a battle royale between pregnant women 14:45 rick and morty 'samurai & shogun' short director reveals rough designs 11:45 hololive virtual youtubers akai haato, kiryu coco suspended for 3 weeks due to 'inappropriate remarks' sep 27 gear up with bags designed like fate/grand order 's gilgamesh, mash's weapons sep 26 gundam inspires pocked-sized ai voice translators sep 26 macross singer mari iijima discusses regrets over quitting piano career sep 25 kemono friends 3 smartphone game celebrates 1st anniversary with new illustrations press releases chronological archives 16:01 'disney - my music story: yoshiki' premieres exclusively on disney+ japan 16:01 calling all rubik's fans: your charaction cube awaits you 16:01 official trailer for lupin iii: the first - in theaters october 18 and 21 16:01 yakuza: like a dragon launches november 10, 2020; playstation 5 coming march 2, 2021 16:01 wisdom and bravery reign supreme in dynasty warriors 9 empires 16:00 kodansha usa publishing & comixology originals reveal new on sale dates for shaman king & spinoff series views features chronological archives 14:00 the best (and worst) anime of summer 2020 13:00 the fairy tale of inuyasha : 20 years later sep 25 light vs. lelouch: the worst "heroes" of anime sep 23 how bloom into you defies and reinforces yuri tropes sep 21 interview: robotics;notes elite and dash producer tatsuya matsubara sep 16 crunchyroll expo 2020: dr. stone focus panel with shusuke katagiri sep 15 crunchyroll expo 2020: tonikawa panel with va akari kitō and author kenjiro hata sep 14 interview: the secrets of deca-dence reviews alphabetical archives 15:00 holmes of kyoto novel 1 sep 27 lapis re:lights sep 26 fiancee of the wizard gn 1 sep 25 the ones within blu-ray sep 24 weathering with you sep 24 your name.
steelbook br sep 23 the legend of dororo and hyakkimaru volume 1 sep 23 given (movie) columns chronological archives sep 24 this week in anime - does dragon's dogma deliver the goods?
sep 24 this week in games - you will be assimilated sep 18 the list - 5 anime that made us go wtf!?
everything chronological archives features (incl.
interviews and seasonal features like anime spotlight , preview guide , weekly rankings ) reviews (incl.
game reviews ) columns (incl.
anime news nina!
, anntv , anncast , answerman , astro toy , brain diving , buried treasure , chicks on anime , crashing japan , the dub track , the edit list , epic threads , from the gallery , hai fidelity , house of 1000 manga , ima kore ga hoshiin da , old school , pile of shame , right turn only!!
, shelf life , sound decision , sub culture , super plastic , tales of the industry , tankobon tower , the click , the gallery , the list , the mike toole show , the set list , the stream , this week in games , this week in anime , vice & luna ) editorials (incl.
industry comments ) new anime your score: rate the latest simulcasts upcoming anime list upcoming dvd & blu-ray weekly rankings: the best and worst of the season so far according to readers anime spotlight » previous seasons summer 2020 preview guide deca-dence gibiate the god of high school the misfit of demon king academy monster girl doctor muhyo & roji's bureau of supernatural investigation 2 my teen romantic comedy snafu climax no guns life 2 peter grill and the philosopher's time re:zero -starting life in another world- 2 rent-a-girlfriend the summer 2020 preview guide: fire force season 2 the summer 2020 preview guide: lapis re:lights the summer 2020 preview guide: super hxeroes: "h"eroes save the world sword art online: alicization war of underworld part 2 uzaki-chan wants to hang out!
» previous seasons daily streaming reviews a certain scientific railgun t #25 appare-ranman!
#13 black clover #143 boruto: naruto next generations #166 deca-dence #12 digimon adventure: #17 fire force #37 food wars!
shokugeki no soma: the fifth plate #13 fruits basket #50 monster girl doctor #11 my teen romantic comedy snafu climax #12 no guns life #24 one piece #942 re:zero -starting life in another world- #12 rent-a-girlfriend #12 sword art online: alicization war of underworld part 2 #11 the god of high school #12 the millionaire detective - balance: unlimited #11 the misfit of demon king academy #13 the twelve kingdoms #31-33 uzaki-chan wants to hang out!
#12 encyclopedia anime top 10 latest simulcasts licensed latest in japan upcoming tv series , movies , oavs manga top 10 licensed latest in japan people most prolific cast most prolific staff releases this month companies licensors lexicon tools search by genre, theme, year comparison tool personal settings more » forum forum categories site-related general industry for subscribers forums talkback anime > series discussion manga encyclopedia feedback retail community forum information search faq usergroups my ann public public anime lists surveys contests & giveaways newsletter ann:connect subscribers subscriber forum subscribe » personal my anime my manga change skin my anime 2 (beta) about our team contact us site news staff openings privacy policy copyright policy other policies advertise with ann help faq report a problem bugs & technical questions forum login or register forgot it?
remember me login with facebook login with twitter no account yet?
registering is free , easy , and private .
discuss in the forum, contribute to the encyclopedia, build your own myanime lists, and more.
the real pirates of one piece by rebecca silverman, feb 5th 2016 google_ad_section_start infolinks_on i discovered pirates through a bizarre combination of astrid lindgren 's pippi longstocking novels (and the weird 1988 film) and robert louis stevenson 's treasure island when i was in elementary school, and my fascination with them was only fueled by my father's purchase of lucasarts' game the secret of monkey island when i was in middle school.
from that point it was basically a foregone conclusion that when eiichiro oda 's one piece manga hit, i would be a fan.
and i am – not only do i enjoy the story and the characters, but i also love the way oda incorporates the real pirates of history and legend into the series.
whether it's someone as obvious as blackbeard or as random as sadie in impel down, many of the characters have historical roots that make one piece that much more fun.
so come join me in learning the story behind the series and some of the real pirates who populate one piece !
alvida = alfhildr alvida's historical equivalent is probably one of the most obscure, but also one of my favorites.
in one piece , she's one of luffy's first enemies, captain of her own pirate band, but somewhat portly.
later she eats a devil fruit and becomes able to control her body mass, slimming down considerably.
her fruit makes her “slippery,” which is part of the link to her spiritual ancestor, the danish princess-turned-pirate alfhildr.
also spelled “alwida,” alfhildr was the daughter of siward in 9th century denmark.
she decided that just because her suitor alf fulfilled her father's requirements for her hand didn't mean that she had to, and purportedly heeding her mother's advice (“are good looks enough for you to give up your chastity?
shouldn't you judge his virtue, not just his appearance?”), alfhildr absconded, dressing up like a man and eventually teaming up with another lady pirate named groa to lead a band of sea rovers.
unfortunately, her history as recorded by saxo grammaticus doesn't tell us much more beyond the fact that she was really good at being a pirate, so alf was sent to stop her, eventually marrying her while his first mate harald got to marry groa.
alvida clearly shares alfhildr's dangerous streak and piratical success, and her later team-up with buggy is similar to alfhildr's eventual leadership over a band of male pirates.
however, it's possible that alvida isn't the only lady pirate in one piece to owe her existence to alfhildr – vivi, the princess of alabasta, also runs off to sea and piracy, and “boa” sounds suspiciously like “groa,” one of the most steadfast among alfhildr's pirate band.
oda seems to have picked up where history left off, and i for one appreciate it, because alfhildr's story, no matter how little of it we know, is worth telling.
marshall d. teach = blackbeard of course, the obscurity of alvida's namesake is a bit of a departure for oda.
(at least until we hit sadie the goat.)
most of his pirates are much more recognizable, such as marshall d. teach, who goes by the name of blackbeard.
most of us have heard of the real blackbeard, edward teach, best known for the epic showdown he lost against lieutenant maynard .
real-life blackbeard got his name from his enormous black beard, described by one historian as “cover[ing] his whole face...suffered to grow to an extravagant length...up to his eyes; he was accustomed to twist it with ribbons...and turn [it] about his ears.” apparently, he also enjoyed sticking lighted matches under his hat when he went into battle, just to be even more terrifying and inhuman.
his fearsome nature became so legendary that after lieutenant maynard cut off his head, blackbeard's decapitated body supposedly swam around the ship three times before sinking.
while oda's blackbeard isn't quite up to that level of terror, his beard is definitely starting to look more like his real-life counterpart's post time-skip.
he's also just about as ruthless, cutting a swath through his enemies and operating on a “what's yours is mine even if i have to kill you to prove it” basis.
he even takes a guy's name – blackbeard kills thatch, one of whitebeard's other sub-commanders, while the real-life blackbeard was sometimes known as edward thatch rather than teach.
so when he kills thatch, he's really just taking back what's his.
both oda's blackbeard and the historical one share an immoral nature, seeing nothing wrong with what they do.
perhaps the closest link between the blackbeards is a belief in their own superiority and power – real blackbeard never went into a fight he didn't think he could win, up to and including his fatal battle with the lieutenant in 1719. according to records, he congratulated maynard on his winning blow with a “well done, lad,” before dying with five bullets and 20 sword cuts all over his body.
we'll see if oda's blackbeard is as tough to bring down.
incidentally, the pirate museum in st. augustine, florida, has a re-enactment of blackbeard's final fight and a chance to talk to his disembodied head as it dangles from maynard 's bowsprit.
you know, just in case you want to compare oda's version to history.
edward newgate = newgate prison this is one of the more interesting connections in oda's work – not to a real-life pirate (although there were many with the first name “edward,” blackbeard and the vicious edward lowe among them), but to a place where pirates were hanged.
newgate prison was a london jail (or gaol, if you prefer) that remained in use for over 700 years.
most importantly for one piece , this was where the much-maligned captain kidd was imprisoned before being hanged at wapping in 1701. newgate was one of the most infamous prisons in the public imagination, inspiring popular novels like john dickson carr's 1950 thriller the bride of newgate and serving as the birthplace of daniel defoe's moll flanders, a woman who would have been right at home in one piece .
not only was it a place many pirates would have been leery of, much like impel down, but its presence in whitebeard's name also works with his famed stance that no one can live without a moral code.
newgate prison was concrete evidence that england had a penal code, which calls to mind the social norms and morals that tie into whitebeard's personality.
it's a slightly more tenuous connection than others (though certainly stronger than my “wapol = wapping” theory), but given the status, size, and reputation whitebeard achieves in the world of one piece , it's also one of the more intriguing possibilities behind oda's characters.
jewelry bonney = anne bonny there's no scarcity of female pirates in one piece , though many of their real-world counterparts are fairly obscure as far as history is concerned.
so it's no surprise that oda would base a character on one of the best known lady pirates of the 18th century: anne bonny.
where jewelry bonney is willing to lend a hand to a fellow pirate in need (although it helps if it will benefit her), anne bonny famously told her lover calico jack rackham, “better you had fought like a man than be hang'd like a dog,” when he came to say goodbye before his execution.
anne bonny was only ever on the lookout for one person: herself.
one of two female members in calico jack's pirate crew (and i personally find mary read's story much more fascinating), jack was the second pirate anne ran off with after she left her father's carolina plantation, where she reputedly threatened to kill a servant with a case-knife.
like jewelry, anne did have firm ideas about what the pirating life was supposed to be, and she and mary read were the only two crew members to try and fight off the navy when their ship was taken.
in fact, anne is reported to have fired below decks when no one turned up to help the women fight.
popular lore has assigned her an impressive sexual appetite, which is possibly the reason for jewelry's insatiable hunger for pizza and other food items, but as a woman who ran off with two men, that seems more like an 18th century smear campaign to me, because no good woman would have sex with multiple partners or become a pirate.
the most interesting thing about anne bonny is that she got away in the end – at her trial, she “plead her belly” (she was pregnant), and while mary read died in prison, anne's wealthy father is said to have bailed her out.
whether that's true or not, we know that she vanished from history after her child was born.
we'll have to keep an eye on jewelry to see if she eventually sails off into the sunset as well... bellamy = samuel bellamy you don't get much further from the source than one piece 's bellamy the hyena stands from his namesake, new england's “black” sam bellamy.
where oda's character is cruel, vindictive, and arrogant (less so post-time skip), the real sam bellamy was sort of a robin hood figure.
he saved his hatred for the navy, specifically the british navy, because of their habit of pressing young men into service.
he dressed well (just look at that hair!)
and conducted himself in a gentlemanly manner; at one point his ship captured a sloop and, having no use for it, voted to burn it.
bellamy told the captain, a captain beers, that he wished he could give it back, but he could not go against the popular vote.
it's hard to imagine bellamy the hyena apologizing for sinking the ship of a “hen-hearted numskull” like his historical inspiration.
black bellamy's philosophy is basically summed up in his speech to captain beers: “they [the navy] vilify us, the scoundrels do, when there is only this difference, they rob the poor under the cover of law, forsooth, and we plunder the rich under the protection of our own courage.” as pirates go, he's pretty damn inspirational, and it's even rumored that he died for love – sam bellamy went down with his ship whydah in a storm off cape cod in 1717 while trying to get home to his lover, maria.
(she was around fifteen years old, mind you, but that was 1717!)
in 1984, the wreck of the ship was discovered, and it turns out that ol' sam was a pretty successful pirate too.
according to maritime historian david cordingly, excavations brought up 8,397 coins, 17 gold bars, 14 gold nuggets, gold dust, 6,174 small pieces of gold, and almost 400 pieces of african jewelry.
that's one piece stuff right there, enough to make you grab a water-proof metal detector and head to the beach.
chances are that sam bellamy, unlike the hyena, wouldn't mind you having it if you needed it.
if you could use your plunder to stick it to the man, he'd like that even more.
bartholomew kuma = bartholomew “black bart” roberts on the flip side of the bellamys is bartholomew kuma, named in reference to bartholomew roberts, a much more mysterious (and less benevolent) real-life pirate.
in one piece , kuma is a giant of a man who, despite his checkered past, seems to adhere to a fairly strict moral code and even asks his victims where they'd like to go before he sends them away with his power.
bartholomew roberts, on the other hand, was cold and calculating, never hesitating to take on a ship with superior firepower, leading to an impressive record of over 400 ships plundered.
unlike kuma, black bart began his career in legitimate maritime pursuits.
(well, legitimate-ish; he was a sailor on a slave ship.)
he switched to piracy after the ship he crewed was taken by the pirate howell davis, getting elected captain after a mutiny soon thereafter.
his general practice was to burn captured ships down to the waterline, possibly as a sign that he could get another at any time.
most unlike his one piece character, bart was a classy dresser – he even went into battle in sumptuous fabrics and covered in jewels.
one rumor, which is totally unsubstantiated but a lot of fun, says that black bart was actually a woman, which would explain how he became davis's favorite crew member so quickly and also offer an explanation for why he kept so covered up at all times, even when his stomping grounds were the caribbean and south america.
we'll never know for certain, because he instructed his crew to throw his body overboard immediately should he die, and that's just what they did in 1722. even if we open up the possibility that oda will reveal kuma as female, he's certainly not the snazzy dresser black bart was.
both do seem to share a fondness for order, however: of all of the pirate articles (shipboard rules) that have survived, black bart's is the most complete, including items like “lights out at eight” and “no gambling” among the eleven rules.
(also, musicians only get to rest on sundays.)
kuma's bible, on the other hand, is more likely a reference to captain kidd, who is said to have buried his bible in the sand when he turned from “respectable” privateering to piracy.
on further historical examination, this was highly unlikely.
captain kidd's vilification most likely arose from his backers' fall from political favor; they took kidd down with them.
if that's the basis for kuma's book, he'd better keep watching his back.
lafitte = jean lafitte a privateer (government sanctioned pirate) gone rogue, jean lafitte's name actually fits his one piece counterpart well.
oda's lafitte was a former law-abider as well, a policeman fired from the force for excessive violence.
he later becomes a higher-up in blackbeard's crew, just as jean lafitte worked his way up the maritime ladder, starting low and ending up a captain.
at one point, he even issued a retaliatory wanted poster – the governor of louisiana offered $500 for lafitte's capture, so lafitte turned around and offered $1,000 for the governor's.
but unlike in oda's version, the real jean lafitte went back to the right side of the law, at least temporarily – when the war of 1812 broke out, he refused to join the british navy and offered the governor his services and extensive crew.
possibly still upset about that whole wanted poster thing, the governor turned him down, but a man named andrew jackson didn't, so jean lafitte went back to being a privateer, aiding in the war effort.
in fact, he provided the ammunition for the battle of new orleans.
still, lafitte was a man who couldn't be happy within the law for long, so he eventually went back to being a pirate, only in texas instead of louisiana this time.
like anne bonny, he just sort of drops out of history around 1820, although some accounts say he came back to the right side of the law and died in the 1850s, possibly in illinois.
what we do know is that he never lost his taste for a fight, which can't necessarily be said for oda's lafitte, although there must be something about him that keeps his crew in line.
perhaps he's living off of his past reputation?
we may eventually find out, but we certainly know that the state of louisiana (and texas) is doing pretty well with jean lafitte's reputation – his name stands out on many tourist attractions, and there's an entire society devoted to researching and promoting his life and history.
that makes it kind of surprising that oda's version isn't a more important character.
maybe we should keep an eye on him.
sadie = sadie the goat sadie the goat is one of the more bizarre pirates – she worked the riverfront in new york city in the mid-19th century after starting out as a pickpocket, and she got her nickname because her preferred method of attack was headbutting men in the stomach.
she made the switch from street crime to piracy after tangling with a bouncer at a particularly seedy tavern called “the hole-in-the-wall.” the bouncer in question was a woman named gallus mag, and she had a tendency to bite off people's ears.
so she bit off sadie's and put it in one of her jars.
later, after her piracy days were over, sadie got the ear back and wore it around her neck for the rest of her life.
it's pretty hard to imagine oda's sadie, the dominatrix guard of impel down, doing any of those things, so where's the connection?
oda's sadie is glamorous in her own way, very sexual in nature, and she really enjoys harming others.
sadie the goat may not be either of those first things, but oh boy, did she enjoy her violent work.
she led several different bands of (predominantly male) criminals in their efforts to rob people, and in her riverfaring days, she had them row out to an anchored vessel, climb aboard by the anchor chains – which is not as easy as it sounds – and depending on the day or ship, either take goods from the deck or take the whole ship.
at one point sadie's band, the charlton street gang, commandeered a sloop and spent some time sailing up and down the hudson, making the occasional prisoner walk the plank.
(this possibly makes her the only real pirate to use that punishment; most pirates were much more inventive.
look up “woolding” for a better idea of pirate tortures.)
the glee with which sadie the goat operated is the best link between her and oda's sadie, apart from being women in predominantly masculine places (prison guard, nyc street gangs in the 1860s).
at the very least, i'm sure both sadies would enjoy each other's company.
there are many more links between one piece characters and the real pirates of history, along with a few fictional ones.
vander decken ix is supposedly the descendant of the original flying dutchman , captain of seafaring legend.
silvers rayleigh is almost certainly a reference to robert louis stevenson 's long john silver, while basil hawkins probably owes his name to jim hawkins of the same book.
(sadly, there's no guybrush threepwood.)
so come fill in the blanks in the forums and offer your thoughts on the pirates of one piece – and may you have fair winds and following seas in all of your journeys.
infolinks_off discuss this in the forum (31 posts) | bookmark/share with: feature homepage / archives google_ad_section_end rightstuf - anime, manga and more ⬈ ⬋ - + review 3 comments holmes of kyoto novel 1 sep 28, 15:00 3 comments novels mochizuki says in her afterword that her motivating factor in writing the series was to combine her long-held desire to write a “light mystery” with her reactions upon moving to kyoto, and that's precisely what she's done.
― while an adaptation's quality is not always the best indicator of what the source material is like, such is the case of mai mochizuki's light novel series holmes of kyoto and its... feature 20 comments the best (and worst) anime of summer 2020 sep 28, 14:00 20 comments anime summer has fallen and it's time for autumn to rise!
ann's editorial team looks back at the hottest series of the season and which turned out to be real stinkers.
― the best (and worst) of summer 2020 caitlin moore best: appare-ranman this season, appare-ranman joined the ranks of brilliantly creative, tragically underwatched original anime along with such fantastic titles as stars align, granbelm, an... feature 9 comments the fairy tale of inuyasha : 20 years later sep 28, 13:00 9 comments anime ahead of the highly anticipated yashahime premiere, christopher inoa revisits the classic that ushered in a new wave of anime fans.
― when we last left the world of inuyasha, the series' titular character and kagome higurashi, the now high school graduate from another world and reincarnation of his first true love kikyō, are living happily together in feudal era japan.
kagome decided to forgo her lif... review 8 comments lapis re:lights sep 27, 15:00 8 comments anime the series does have somewhat of a plotline, though it is thin and typically functions to link other components together rather than guide the story.
― this summer 2020 series is the anime branch of a multimedia project that will eventually include a smartphone game and a manga.
based on the way it ends, and the way it painstakingly introduces about two dozen named girls (even at the expense of stray... connect 15 comments ann connect: attack on titan sep 27, 11:57 15 comments events excited about that attack on titan the final season trailer?
join us thursday when ann: connect interviews aot's bryce papenbrook and mike mcfarland.
― welcome to anime news network connect!
a collaboration between ann and anime nyc, ann connect is a new way to bring anime fans, anime creators, and the anime industry together during a time when we're all physically remote.
across this summer and fal... review 2 comments fiancee of the wizard gn 1 sep 26, 15:00 2 comments manga she had been a twenty-nine-year-old woman walking home when she was hit by a car – that was the last thing she remembered.
― fiancée of the wizard is one of those series with a first volume that is largely unremarkable but has the potential to become something more.
primarily this is because so much of the manga's introductory book, which covers presumably half-to-a-third of the original light novel'... news 11 comments my next life as a villainess: all routes lead to doom!
game confirmed sep 26, 12:52 11 comments games 2021 otomate game centers on catarina's encounter with pirate ― the "tv anime my next life as a villainess: all routes lead to doom!
afternoon party" event confirmed on saturday that the anime is inspiring a game from idea factory's otomate brand next year.
the game's title is otome game no hametsu flag shika nai akuyaku reijō ni tensei shiteshimatta... ~haran o yobu kaizoku~ (my next life as a villa... review 6 comments the ones within blu-ray sep 25, 15:00 6 comments anime the greatest and most overarching issue is the wildly shifting tone that precludes any of the overarching sense of tension or creeping dread that a story about kidnapped young adults playing fundamentally dangerous games should have.
― have you ever watched the adaptation of a video game you love and been disappointed by how poorly it translated to anime?
that without a controller in your hand or int... connect 15 comments retro crush schedule session change sep 25, 14:18 15 comments events the retro crush ann: connect session has been moved from tuesday, september 29 to wednesday, september 30 at 9pm et / 6pm pt.
― welcome to anime news network connect!
a collaboration between ann and anime nyc, ann connect is a new way to bring anime fans, anime creators, and the anime industry together during a time when we're all physically remote.
across this summer and fall, ann connect will pres... feature 13 comments light vs. lelouch: the worst "heroes" of anime sep 25, 13:56 13 comments anime countless shonen anime have had a profound impact on many of us...but these two are the absolute worst.
leo rydel breaks down their horrible deeds and whether light or lelouch is the worst “hero” in his new video.
― countless shonen anime have had a profound impact on many of us...but these two are the absolute worst.
leo rydel breaks down their horrible deeds and whether light or lelouch is the wor... news 57 comments list of shows, films, manga, games affected by covid-19 (updated september 24) sep 20, 14:30 57 comments covid-19 all of ann's coverage of works hit by new coronavirus disease ― here is all of ann's coverage of the series, films, manga, and games that the new coronavirus disease (covid-19) has affected.
note: asteroid in love , bungo & alchemist , darwin's game , fate/grand order absolute demonic front: babylonia , hatena illusion , jewelpet: attack travel , kukuriraige -sanxingdui denki- , mushoku tensei: jobless rein... all material copyright © 1998-2020 anime news network.
all rights reserved.
served by ruka-chan report a problem × news convention reports newsfeed interest press releases views features reviews columns new anime your score for recent simulcasts upcoming anime list upcoming dvd & blu-ray weekly rankings summer 2020 preview guide daily streaming reviews encyclopedia forum my ann subscribe » my anime my manga newsletter ann:connect about our team contact us staff openings privacy policy copyright policy advertise with ann faq report a problem bugs & technical questions forum foot infolinks disabled
