BEGIN WAYBACK TOOLBAR INSERT 192 captures 11 Jul 2008 - 19 Feb 2023 NEXT/PREV MONTH NAV AND MONTH INDICATOR Jul AUG Oct NEXT/PREV CAPTURE NAV AND DAY OF MONTH INDICATOR 22 NEXT/PREV YEAR NAV AND YEAR INDICATOR 2007 2008 2009 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Alexa Crawls Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive.
Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period.
Collection: 52_crawl this data is currently not publicly accessible.
TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20080822071915/http://www.animenewsnetwork.com:80/news/2008-07-10/one-piece-prototype-romance-dawn-to-be-animated END WAYBACK TOOLBAR INSERT encyclopedia forum ann australia | ann usa | protoculture addicts username password remember me | register » Today's news » Press Releases » News Archive » Convention reports » Newsfeed » Features » Hey Answerman!
» RIGHT TURN ONLY!!
» The Click » Editorials » Shelf Life » Anime News Nina » Interviews » Reviews » Sound Decision » Buried Treasure » Blogs     and more... » Anime ( Top 10 ) » People » Search » Manga ( Top 10 ) » Companies » Compare » Releases » Lexicon    and more... » ANNtv <tr> <td>&raquo; <a href="/video/anime">Anime</a></td> </tr> » Trailers Log in Search Register FAQ Usergroups » My Anime » Surveys » Chat » My Manga » Contests » Skins » Subscription begin GN Ad Tag for Anime News Network 728x90,468x60 ros tt end AD TAG s 88 c 568 b 7779 One Piece's 'Prototype' Romance Dawn to be Animated posted on 2008-07-10 13:47 EDT google_ad_section_start Jump Tour's Dragon Ball anime title: 'Ossu!
Kaette Kita Son Goku to Nakamatachi!!'
This year's 32nd issue of Shueisha 's Weekly Shonen Jump magazine has confirmed on July 7 that the Jump Super Anime Tour will animate for the first time Romance Dawn , Eiichiro Oda 's "prototype" manga that eventually evolved into his hit One Piece series.
Oda drew Romance Dawn as two separate pirate stories that ran in Weekly Shonen Jump 's Summer Special issue and 41st issue of 1996.
Both stories featured a young pirate named Monkey D. Luffy as the main character, but were otherwise much different from each other and the actual One Piece manga that launched in 1997.
Oda named One Piece 's first installment "Romance Dawn" after these earlier manga stories.
The two Romance Dawn one-shot manga stories have been republished in the One Piece Red and Wanted books.
Weekly Shonen Jump 's 32nd issue has also revealed the name of the tour's new Dragon Ball short : "Ossu!
Kaette Kita Son Goku to Nakamatachi!!"
(Yo!
Son Goku and His Friends Return!!).
It also hints that the characters will face a previously unknown and powerful enemy.
The other manga to be animated in the tour are Hideaki Sorachi 's Gintama , Tite Kubo 's Bleach , Hiroyuki Asada 's Letter Bee ( Tegami-bachi ), Yu-Gi-Oh!
5D's , and Blue Dragon .
The tour will stop at 10 Japanese cities from September 21 to November 23.
Source: Muhyojo source: ... discuss this in the forum (18 posts) | bookmark with: Digg del.icio.us reddit Facebook StumbleUpon this article has been modified since it was originally posted; see change history google_ad_section_end   Anime Castle Robert's Anime Corner Store Image Anime Kid Nemo AAA Anime Distribution Recent Articles Hey , Answerman!
Answerman is hopped up on pain medication and can barely think straight, so here's a new column!
This week: industry stuff, Ponyo on a Cliff , and special guest star, TV's Justin Sevakis shows up to provide a little insight.
All that plus a baby bunny and your answers to last week's Hey, Answerfans question!
2008-08-22 Buried Treasure - Magic User's Club Magic User's Club has plenty of pratfalls, jiggling boobs, mecha, aliens, yaoi gags, cute girls, amazing animation... and intelligence.
It's pure- hearted, and yet smart enough that even the most jaded fan would have a hard time disliking it.
Pretty rare combination, that.
2008-08-21 Interview : Satoshi Kon An in- depth chat with Satoshi Kon, director of Millennium Actress, Perfect Blue, Tokyo Godfathers and Paprika .
2008-08-21 Anime News Nina!
- 08- 20- 08 Nina and Kevin experience an anime hangover.
2008-08-20 The X Button - Blown Away Overwhelmed and outgunned, Todd takes on an insurmountable game lineup as well as the mysteries of Mega Man 9 and the reasons why everyone should play Bangai- O Spirits.
2008-08-20 RIGHT TURN ONLY!!
- Haruka Kanata We are fighting dreamers!
And this week we fight for reviews of Monster , Haruka , Black Lagoon , and the Import of the Month That Must Not Be Named... 2008-08-19 more features & columns ... ∨ advertisement ∨ BEGIN GN Ad Tag for Anime News Network 300x250,250x250 ros tt END AD TAG s 88 c 569 b 7777 Recent Press Releases Aug 20 The Girl Who Leapt Through Time to Play Boston and Seattle in August Aug 20 Organic Hobby, Inc releases the tenth character/figure as a part of Kaiyodo's “Fraülein Revoltech,” “Yoko” Aug 20 Viz Media Announces Variety of Exciting Animated Releases on DVD for Third Quarter 2008 Aug 20 Atlus Releases Master of the Monster Lair Gameplay Trailer Aug 20 Vampire Hunter D Short Story Published by NYAF more press releases...
Recent Reviews Toto GN 1 Don't read Toto to be surprised, or even impressed, read Toto to be entertained.
A fine example of what can be achieved by a polished presentation of standard genre fare.
School Rumble- Extra Class DVD This collection of supplemental bits scattered across the length and breadth of the series is meant primarily for devoted fans of the TV series or manga.
They do at least occasionally generate laughs but do not offer as much fan service as advertised.
Soul Rescue GN 1 2 souls saved, 1 soul lost to damnation, 9998 souls left to rescue.
Few are likely to find these stats especially promising, and those rolling their eyes and groaning inwardly probably have the right idea.
Bleach DVD Box Set 2 Nestled in between two of the series' obligatory training sequences, this twenty- one- episode box set is an unsullied slice of Bleach at its skull- cracking, sword- fightin', shounen- action- cool best.
Bride of the Water God GN 1- 2 Rightfully acclaimed in its home country of Korea, Bride of the Water God was 2006's top- selling sunjeong manhwa.
Alas, the series is unlikely to repeat that success in the United States, if only because it will get lost in a flood of competing manga.
But that does not, emphatically, make it any less of a must- see, and discriminating readers with a taste for fantasy- laced, shoujo romance will not be disappointed.
Cowa!
GN The plot development is too purely random and the artistic approach too simplistic for Cowa to be anything more than children's fare, but it's children's fare with a sweet center that never grows saccharine.
Toward The Terra DVD 1- 2 Despite some flaws, this adaptation of a classic '70s manga about psychics and humanities'; endeavor to eventually return to an abandoned, ruined Earth proves to be a balanced, well- paced, and moderately compelling production.
Kamichama Karin Chu GN 1 Although you can, theoretically, read Kamichama Karin Chu without having read its prequel, this would not be, generally speaking, advisable.
On the other hand, fans of the franchise may be pleased to know that the new series gets right down to business without rehashing what has come before.
Unfortunately, whether you care a whit about that business is another matter entirely.
Bleach GN 1 Collector's Edition For the fan who has everything, there was probably only one thing missing in your life, and here it is at last: Bleach in hardcover!
Death Note: Another Note, the Los Angeles BB Murder Cases (Novel) Death Note: Another Note, the Los Angeles BB Murder Cases takes an innovative approach to the characters and the franchise that fans should find both refreshing and rewarding.
While still a niche release that will not be fully appreciated by newcomers, it is, without question, the best Shounen Jump - spinoff novel to hit American shelves thus far.
more reviews... Random Fun Gunsmith Cats: Bulletproof!
DVD     All material Copyright © 1998-2008 Anime News Network.
All rights reserved.
FAQ | Contact us | Staff | Staff openings | Advertise with ANN | Privacy policy Ads by Gorilla Nation
