
  BEGIN WAYBACK TOOLBAR INSERT  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 115 captures 
 30 Nov 2007 - 01 Mar 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  NEXT/PREV MONTH NAV AND MONTH INDICATOR  
 
 Apr 
 JUN 
 Apr 
 
  NEXT/PREV CAPTURE NAV AND DAY OF MONTH INDICATOR  
 
 
 02 
 
 
  NEXT/PREV YEAR NAV AND YEAR INDICATOR  
 
 2008 
 2009 
 2011 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 success 
 fail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   About this capture 
 
 
 
 
 
 COLLECTED BY 
 
 
 
		Organization:  Alexa Crawls 
 
 
	  Starting in 1996,  Alexa Internet  has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive.  Flowing in every day, these data are added to the  Wayback Machine  after an embargo period.
	 
 
 
 
 Collection:  alexa_web_2009 
 
 
	  this data is currently not publicly accessible.
	 
 
 
 
 
 TIMESTAMPS 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20090602191730/http://manga.about.com:80/od/mangaartistswriters/a/JasonThompson.htm 
 
  END WAYBACK TOOLBAR INSERT  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 Manga 
 Home Hobbies & Games Manga 
 
 Email 
 
 Manga Reading Manga Art / Artists Conventions 
 Free Manga Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss  in my Forum 
 gc Interview: Jason Thompson Manga Editor and Author of Manga: The Complete Guide By  Deb Aoki , About.com 
 See More About: jason thompson manga interviews manga artists shonen jump del rey manga 
 
 Jason Thompson © Jason Thompson More Images  (2) 
 
 
 As the editor for the U.S. editions of  Dragon Ball ,  One Piece ,  The Drifting Classroom  and the first American editor for  Shonen Jump  magazine, Jason Thompson spent the better part of the last decade in the center of the  manga  universe. With his recently released book,  Manga: The Complete Guide  from  Del Rey Manga , Thompson rates and reviews over a thousand  manga  series and demystifies the wide world of Japanese comics. 
 With so much  manga  now available in English, how can any one sort through them all and find the gems among the piles of rocks?  In  Manga: The Complete Guide , Thompson reviews titles both popular and obscure, and provides insights about Japanese culture and the different genres of manga to make finding your next favorite  manga  series easier than ever. 
 We talked with Thompson shortly after the release of his book, and got his take on the current state of the art, why  manga  has more in common with TV shows than American comics and, after reading over a thousand graphic novels, what he'll be doing for an encore. 
 LOST IN TRANSLATING: DISCOVERING ANIME AND MANGA 
 Q: According to your bio and other interviews, you first discovered  manga  almost 15 years ago. What turned you on to  manga ? 
 Jason Thompson: While I was in high school, before I was aware of  anime  and  manga , I knew that some of my friends were into  Robotech . Later, some of them were into  Ninja High School , which was a comic by Ben Dunn that was influenced by  manga . I wasn't aware of those first VIZ releases in 1987, because I really wasn't that into comics at the time. 
 When I went to college in 1991, I joined the  anime  club and I started watching those types of shows pretty regularly. I was into a mix of science-fiction, horror and fantasy at the time, but I also liked romantic comedies, like Rumiko Takahashi's stories. 
 Q: It was really different being a  manga  reader at that time, wasn't it? There was a lot less available in English, and you really had to search for that kind of thing if you were interested in it. 
 JT:  Absolutely. I wasn't even aware that there was translated stuff available until several years after I had been reading non-translated  manga . Then a friend showed up with a copy of  Battle Angel Alita  (one of the first VIZ  manga  titles available in English) and I thought "What the heck! I don't have to read this stuff in Japanese!"  
 I was kind of disconnected from the comics community at the time. That kind of  manga  was only available in the comics stores, there was no presence of these books in the bookstores at all. 
 JUMP-STARTING SHONEN JUMP IN AMERICA 
 Q: So let's fast forward a little bit. In 1996, you then went on to become an editor at  VIZ Media , one of the first and one of the largest  manga  publishers in the U.S.  How did that gig come about? 
 JT: Well, it was kind of a stroke of luck. Earlier that year, I had done a college paper about  manga  for a class I was taking. So I graduated with an English degree, then a friend pointed out an ad in  Animerica  magazine which was for a job at VIZ. I applied for that job, and in a stroke of incredible good fortune, I got it. 
 I was the editor for  Game On! USA , which was VIZ's video game and  manga  magazine. So I worked on that magazine during its brief, comet-like run. Then after that I stayed on and worked on other things. 
 Q: You went on to edit several  manga  titles, including  Dragon Ball ,  Silent Moebius , and then you became the first editor for the U.S. edition of  Shonen Jump Magazine . 
 JT: Yeah, it was a good thing to move from being an editor of a video game magazine to a  manga  magazine, because I know a lot more about  manga  than games.  When I was a  manga  editor, I started out by working on a lot of very forgettable titles, such as  Nightwarriors . By the time I got to edit  Dragon Ball , I really felt I was in the big time as a  manga  fan.  
 In early 2002, VIZ was looking for their next big thing to do after the success of  Pokemon .  Pokemon  made a lot of money for them, but they weren't able to generate any big follow-up to it. So one thing they wanted to do was launch a  shonen manga  magazine. 
 I had always been a fan of  Shonen Jump  titles, so I had always regretted that VIZ couldn't get these licenses because Shueisha (Japanese publisher for  Shonen Jump ) wanted all their  manga  to be presented unflopped. VIZ wasn't ready for that at the time.  
 So the original plan was to do a  manga  magazine that would have  Shonen Jump  titles, but wouldn't be  Shonen Jump . However, the Shueisha people were very hard negotiators, so they bought half of VIZ in exchange for the privilege of publishing the  Shonen Jump  titles and the  Shonen Jump  name. This was a huge change for VIZ, but in the end, it worked out very well for them. 
 Q: It must have been challenging to try to adapt one of Japan's most popular  manga  magazine for an American audience… . 
 JT: Yeah, it was very tricky. Originally, there were plans to make Shonen Jump an all-ages title, but it ended up being a 13+ title.  I was glad to see that, since you can get away with a lot more, content-wise, in a magazine that's for readers age 13 and up. 
 With all the new places that  manga  was being sold, like through Scholastic book clubs and Walmart, there was a lot more scrutiny placed on  manga  than ever before. For example, you can't show scenes with kids smoking in comics for that age group.  
 While dealing with this challenge, it was interesting to work with the different artists. For example, Hiroyuki Takei was very concerned that  Shaman King  would have to be altered too much. I had to convince him, by telling him that we liked his  manga  so much, we would do our best to respect his work.  
 Eiichiro Oda of  One Piece  was also very sensitive to every aspect of how his  manga  would be translated, right down to the sound effects. On the other hand, there were other artists who didn't have as strong opinions, because they were used to getting their work translated into other languages.  
( More on Page 2 )
		 /gc 
 
 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 Next 
 
 Suggested Reading Jason Thompson's Top 10 Manga Magazine Profile: Shonen Jump  Related Articles Jason Thompson Interview - Interview With the Author of Manga: The Complete... Kurt Hassler Interview - Interview With the Publisher of Yen Press Kurt Hassler Interview - Interview With the Publisher of Yen Press Press Release - VIZ Media, LLC - 10/20/06 Madeleine Rosca Interview - Interview With Manga Creator of Hollow Fields 
 Deb Aoki Manga Guide Sign up  for my Newsletter My Blog My Forum 
 
 
 
 
 
 Explore Manga Must Reads 20 Manga Must-Reads Yoshihiro Tatsumi Interview 10 Manga Trends for 2009 36 Manga Missed by The Eisners 20 Hot Manga for 2009 Most Popular Anime Expo 2007 - Naruto Cosplay New York Anime Festival 2007 - Death Note Cosplay Death Note Anime Death Note: Light Yagami & Ryuk Yaoi-Con 2007 - Naruto Cosplay 
 See More About: jason thompson manga interviews manga artists shonen jump del rey manga By Category Intro to Manga Types of Manga History of Manga Manga Titles: A-Z Characters A-Z Artwork & Photo Galleries Recommended Reading Reviews Manga Artists & Writers Reading Manga Manga Magazines Manga Publishers Shopping & Fan Sites Conventions & Cosplay Glossary 
 
 About.com Special Features 
 
 
 Scrapbook Technique Gallery 
 Use these ideas to inspire your own uniquely beautiful pages.  More > 
 
 
 
 
 Price Your Collectibles 
 Find out how much your treasured collection is worth.  More > 
 
 
 Browse All  About.com 
 
 Manga Home Hobbies & Games Manga Manga Artists & Writers Jason Thompson Interview - Interview With the Author of Manga: The Complete Guide Most Popular Latest Articles Add to:  iGoogle My Yahoo! RSS Advertising Info News & Events Work at About SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Our Story Be a Guide ©2009 About.com, a part of  The New York Times Company . All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
