BEGIN WAYBACK TOOLBAR INSERT 25 captures 10 Jan 2019 - 19 Feb 2023 NEXT/PREV MONTH NAV AND MONTH INDICATOR Jul DEC Jul NEXT/PREV CAPTURE NAV AND DAY OF MONTH INDICATOR 06 NEXT/PREV YEAR NAV AND YEAR INDICATOR 2018 2019 2021 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Twitter Outlinks This is a Collection of URLs (and Outlinked URLs) extracted from a random feed of 1% of all Tweets.
TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20191206144007/https://www.animenewsnetwork.com/interest/2019-01-10/one-piece-creator-the-end-is-near-but-series-will-be-just-over-100-volumes/.141858 END WAYBACK TOOLBAR INSERT USA & Canada World USA & Canada Australia & New-Zealand Southeast Asia Français Login forgot it?
remember me or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Register No account yet?
Registering is free , easy , and private .
Discuss in the forum, contribute to the Encyclopedia, build your own MyAnime lists, and more.
× anywhere on the site in the encyclopedia in the forums News News chronological archives 08:52 Twittering Birds Never Fly Boys-Love Anime Film Reveals Visual, February 15 Opening 07:02 Japan's Video Game Rankings, November 25-December 1 06:02 Japan's Animation TV Ranking, November 25-December 1 04:57 Fairy gone Anime's Video Previews Show's Climax 04:50 Meow Meow Japanese History Anime Film Reveals Visual, February 22 Debut 04:31 Interspecies Reviewers Anime's Promo Video Reveals January 11 Premiere 04:01 Black Clover Phantom Knights Smartphone Game Launches in English in 2020 03:45 Dangerous 1969 Manga's 1st Part Ends 03:29 ATASHIn'CHI Manga Returns After 7 Years With New Serialization 03:16 Kumamoto Prefecture's Natsunagu!
Anime Premieres on January 6 Convention reports chronological archives Oct 11 Event Report: Anime Fest 2019 at New York Comic-Con Apr 22 Cosplay Gallery: Anime Boston 2019 Mar 22 Live Photos from AnimeJapan 2019 Newsfeed Interest chronological archives Dec  5 Khara Distances Itself From Gainax After Studio Representative Director's Arrest Dec  5 Demon Slayer, Weathering With You Win at Yahoo!
Japan Search Awards Dec  5 Reincarnated as a Slime, Ride-On King, Shūmatsu no Walküre Manga Team Collaborate on Poster Dec  4 Yoshiyuki Tomino to Write 'First Message' for Gunpla That Will Get Launched Into Space Dec  4 Demon Slayer, Dr. Stone, Zombie Land Saga Buzzwords Make Gadget Tsūshin 2019 List Dec  4 McDonald's Japan Debuts Animated Ad by G-angle Dec  4 PlayStation 4 Lineup Music Video Animation Allegedly Traces FLCL, Steven Universe , Others (Update) Press Releases chronological archives 03:14 Back-On Performs Live Fairy Tale Collaboration with Osaka☆Syunkasyuto at Shinjuku Loft 01:51 English Release Decided for 100-Shiin no Koi+ Title Destind: Mr.
Almost Right 01:45 Free Limited-Time Subtitled Streaming on Youtube for the TV Anime Symphogear Dec  5 Persona 5 Royal Fights to Save the Past, Present, and Future in Another Eden Crossover Dec  5 Raging Loop Out Now for PC on Steam Dec  5 Prepare to Journey into the World of Dusk by Pre-Ordering the Atelier Dusk Trilogy Today Views Features chronological archives Dec  4 Interview: Superstar Rock Band JAM Project Dec  4 Event Report: Lantis Matsuri at AnimeNYC Nov 27 Interview: Dr. Stone Creators Riichiro Inagaki and Boichi Nov 22 The Fall 2019 Light Novel Guide Nov 20 Report: Mobile Suit Gundam Creator Yoshiyuki Tomino at AnimeNYC Nov  9 Sneak Preview: Kodansha Comics' 25th Anniversary Edition of CLAMP's Magic Knight Rayearth Oct 28 The Fall 2019 Manga Guide Oct 25 Interview: The Creative Team Behind Netflix's Sound & Fury Reviews alphabetical archives Dec  5 Witch's Printing Office GN 1 Dec  4 Fragtime Dec  3 Snow White with the Red Hair GN 2 - 4 Dec  2 Chio's School Road BD/DVD/Digital Nov 30 Goblin Slayer BR/DVD/Digital Nov 27 Goblin Slayer Novel 7 Nov 26 Seven Little Sons of the Dragon GN Nov 25 Cardcaptor Sakura: Clear Card Part 1 & Part 2 Blu-ray Columns chronological archives Dec  5 This Week in Anime - Stars Align is Here and It's Hella Queer Dec  5 This Week in Games - Seeing S.T.A.R.S.
Dec  2 The Mike Toole Show - The One Truth, And Nothing But the One Truth: An Oral History of Case Closed Nov 26 ANNCast - Zac & Shawne's Excellent Adventure Nov 24 The List - 5 Best Opening Songs of Fall 2019 Everything chronological archives Features (incl.
Interviews and Seasonal features like Anime Spotlight , Preview Guide , Weekly Rankings ) Reviews (incl.
Game Reviews ) Columns (incl.
Anime News Nina!
, ANNtv , ANNCast , Answerman , Astro Toy , Brain Diving , Buried Treasure , Chicks On Anime , Crashing Japan , The Dub Track , The Edit List , Epic Threads , From The Gallery , Hai Fidelity , House of 1000 Manga , Ima Kore Ga Hoshiin Da , Old School , Pile of Shame , RIGHT TURN ONLY!!
, Shelf Life , Sound Decision , Sub Culture , Super Plastic , Tales Of The Industry , Tankobon Tower , The Click , The Gallery , The List , The Mike Toole Show , The Set List , The Stream , This Week in Games , This Week in Anime , Vice & Luna ) Editorials (incl.
Industry Comments ) New Anime Your Score: Rate the Latest Simulcasts Upcoming Anime List Upcoming DVD & Blu-Ray Weekly Rankings: The Best and Worst of the Season So Far According to Readers Anime Spotlight » previous seasons Fall 2019 Preview Guide ACTORS: Songs Connection Africa Salaryman After School Dice Club Ahiru no Sora Ascendance of a Bookworm Azur Lane Babylon Blade of the Immortal Case File nº221: Kabukicho Cautious Hero: The Hero Is Overpowered but Overly Cautious Chidori RSC Didn't I Say To Make My Abilities Average in the Next Life?
Fairy Gone Season 2 The Fall 2019 Anime Preview Guide- Assassin's Pride Fate/Grand Order Absolute Demonic Front: Babylonia Food Wars: Shokugeki no Soma - The Fourth Plate Granblue Fantasy 2 High School Prodigies Have It Easy Even In Another World Kandagawa Jet Girls Kemono Michi: Rise Up Legend of the Galactic Heroes: Die Neue These Second My Hero Academia Season 4 No Guns Life ORESUKI: Are you the only one who loves me?
Outburst Dreamer Boys Phantasy Star Online 2: Episode Oracle Special 7: Special Crime Investigation Unit Stand My Heroes: Piece of Truth Stars Align Sword Art Online: Alicization War Of Underworld True Cooking Master Boy Val x Love Welcome to Demon School, Iruma-kun Z/X: Code Reunion » previous seasons Daily Streaming Reviews Ascendance of a Bookworm #9 Assassins Pride #8 Babylon #7 Blade of the Immortal #9 Boruto: Naruto Next Generations #134 Cautious Hero: The Hero Is Overpowered but Overly Cautious #8 Chihayafuru 3 #8-9 Didn't I Say to Make My Abilities Average in the Next Life?!
#9 Dr. Stone #22 Fate/Grand Order Absolute Demonic Front: Babylonia #9 Fire Force #19 Food Wars!
Shokugeki no Soma: The Fourth Plate #8 Gundam Build Divers Re:RISE #9 Kemono Michi: Rise Up #10 Legend of the Galactic Heroes: Die Neue These Second #10 My Hero Academia #69 No Guns Life #8 One Piece #911-912 ORESUKI: Are you the only one who loves me?
#9 Psycho-Pass 3 #6 Stars Align #8 Sword Art Online: Alicization - War of Underworld #8 Vinland Saga #20 Encyclopedia Anime Top 10 Latest Simulcasts Licensed Latest in Japan Upcoming TV series , movies , OAVs Manga Top 10 Licensed Latest in Japan People Most prolific cast Most prolific staff Releases This month Companies Licensors Lexicon Tools Search by genre, theme, year Comparison tool Personal settings more » Forum Forum Categories Site-Related General Industry For Subscribers Forums Talkback Anime > Series Discussion Manga Encyclopedia Feedback Retail Community Forum Information Search FAQ Usergroups My ANN Public Public Anime Lists Surveys Contests & Giveaways Subscribers Subscriber Forum Subscribe » Personal My Anime My Manga Change skin My Anime 2 (beta) About Our Team Contact us Site news Staff openings Privacy policy Copyright policy Other policies Advertise with ANN Help FAQ Report a Problem Bugs & Technical Questions Forum Login or Register forgot it?
remember me Login with Facebook Login with Twitter No account yet?
Registering is free , easy , and private .
Discuss in the forum, contribute to the Encyclopedia, build your own MyAnime lists, and more.
Interest One Piece Creator: The End is Near, But Series Will Be Just Over 100 Volumes posted on 2019-01-10 12:45 EST by Rafael Antonio Pineda google_ad_section_start INFOLINKS_ON Oda also elaborates on true nature of One Piece treasure One Piece manga creator Eiichiro Oda revealed during his appearance in Fuji TV 's Honma dekka!?
program on Wednesday that the ending of the manga is "near" and that the manga will have "just over 100 volumes."
Oda noted that he had thought about the manga's ending since he was still in college.
In addition, the show's host Sanma Akashiya also asked Oda what would happen if a fan managed to guess the same ending that Oda is writing.
Oda replied that he would change the ending.
Akashiya also asked Oda about the goal of the main characters in the story, the titular "One Piece" treasure.
Akashiya asked if the treasure was "family bonds," and Oda replied, "No, I hate that kind of thing."
Oda elaborated, saying, "That's like the ending of The Wizard of Oz , which I watched when I was a kid.
Adventuring that long, and having the adventure itself be the treasure, is really dissatisfying.
Those kinds of stories are impossible.
It feels like, 'I've gone on this long adventure, so give me the treasure!'"
Oda said in an interview in July 2016 that he had finished around 65% of the manga.
Oda began serializing the manga in Weekly Shonen Jump in 1997, and the manga has been published in more than 30 countries.
Shueisha released the manga's 91st compiled book volume on December 4, and Viz Media released the 88th volume on November 6.
OnePiece.com and V Jump columnist Greg Werner weighed in on Oda's recent announcement.
He reminded fans to put less stake in the manga creator's claims remarking that series will "continue for some time" and that Oda himself will tell stories "tongue-in-cheek and for the shock value."
Also.
Tell your friends.
Shout it from the rooftops if you must.
When Oda gives you a percentage of the story complete you must never...ever...equate that to a calculable period of time.
Trust me on that one.
— Greg (@ochimusha108) January 9, 2019 Source: Sponichi Annex via Otakomu INFOLINKS_OFF source: ... discuss this in the forum (27 posts) | bookmark/share with: Interest homepage / archives google_ad_section_end RightStuf - Anime, Manga and More ⬈ ⬋ - + column 15 comments This Week in Anime - Stars Align is Here and It's Hella Queer Dec 5, 15:26 15 comments anime The little show about a boys' soft tennis club is well underway to being one of the most heartfelt and sincere representations of LGBTQ+ youth in a long time.
― The little show about a boys' soft tennis club is well underway to being one of the most heartfelt and sincere representations of LGBTQ+ youth in a long time.
Micchy and Andy break down everything the drama is doing right and how its charact... column 9 comments This Week in Games - Seeing S.T.A.R.S.
Dec 5, 14:00 9 comments games Heidi's back with a Mario Maker 2 update, plus news from Persona 5, Resident Evil 3 and, of course, the dreaded return of the Game Awards!
― Can you believe it's December already?
Jeez, where did the year go?
Hopefully you all successfully avoided brick and mortar retail hell last weekend.
I stayed here at home over the Black Cyber weekend and finished painting a resin kit.
(Though I may have splurge... review 1 comment Witch's Printing Office GN 1 Dec 5, 13:11 1 comment manga "Yet another in the never-ending stream of isekai series that seem set to define the 2020s as well as the 2010s, but it's one with a gimmick that makes it feel less cookie cutter than some."
― A Witch's Printing Office may be yet another in the never-ending stream of isekai series that seem set to define the 2020s as well as the 2010s, but it's one with a gimmick that makes it feel less cookie cutter... interview 0 comments Interview: Superstar Rock Band JAM Project Dec 4, 14:13 0 comments music Legendary anisong band JAM Project sits down for a few questions about their incredible career and legacy.
― JAM (the acronym for Japan Animationsong Makers) Project was founded in 2000 by the acclaimed 1970s theme song artist Ichirou Mizuki, along with well-established and talented singers from across the anisong world.
Their mission was and is to create powerful rock songs with beautiful lyrics, co... feature 4 comments Event Report: Lantis Matsuri at AnimeNYC Dec 4, 13:15 4 comments music All the details from Lantis Matsuri's gigantic 20th anniversary event at AnimeNYC 2019 - including TRUE, Jam Project and more!
― Hype and expectations ran high for the Lantis Matsuri 2019 Concert Series at Anime NYC.
Celebrating the 20th anniversary of Japanese music label Lantis, the lineup of popular anisong stars featured two solo artists ZAQ and TRUE — the latter has performed all three years of ... review 6 comments Fragtime Dec 4, 12:00 6 comments anime "This yuri OVA from the folks behind Kase-san has an intriguing premise but overall feels rather scattered, without a clear sense of narrative structure or direction."
― This new yuri OVA by the Kase-san and Morning Glories team is having a limited theater run in Japan.
I never watched Kase-san, so I wasn't sure what to expect, although I can say I wasn't imagining anything like Fragtime.
The story h... column 21 comments This Week in Anime - Is F/GO: Babylonia Anime as Popular as its Mobile Game?
Dec 3, 16:56 21 comments anime The unstoppable visual novel Fate/stay night has spawned multitudes of media adaptations but is mobage anime adaptation Fate/Grand Order Absolute Demonic Front: Babylonia worth watching?
― The unstoppable visual novel Fate/Stay Night has spawned multitudes of media adaptations, including the highly successful Fate/Grand Order mobile game.
In an interesting move, the staff decided to adapt one of the... review 3 comments Snow White with the Red Hair GN 2 - 4 Dec 3, 12:52 3 comments manga These three volumes of the manga bring us to the end of the anime adaptation's first season and the OVA - by the end of 2020, fans of the series may be able to go beyond its animated boundaries.
― These three volumes of the original Snow White with the Red Hair manga bring us to the end of the anime adaptation's first season (barring one episode) and the OVA, meaning that by the end of 2020, fans of ... column 47 comments The Mike Toole Show - The One Truth, And Nothing But the One Truth: An Oral History of Case Closed Dec 2, 13:00 47 comments anime Mike solves the fascinating mystery behind Detective Conan's journey to America, with in-depth behind-the-scenes interviews!
― In the far future year of 2000, the Fox Broadcasting Company had some interesting designs on Japanese animation.
Several shows, including Escaflowne, Dinozaurs, and my beloved Moncolle Knights, aired regularly on their mainline TV network's Fox Kids weekend programming block.... review 15 comments Chio's School Road BD/DVD/Digital Dec 2, 12:00 15 comments anime "A good amount of fun with a lot of laughs, so if that's what you're in the mood for, you could do much worse than joining Chio on her walk to school."
― While there are a lot of comedies about high school students, not all of them remember what it was actually like to be a high school student, and many fall into the trap of having the kids just act like miniature adults.
Not so Chio's School Road – ... All material Copyright © 1998-2019 Anime News Network.
All rights reserved.
served by mayu-chan Report a Problem × News News Convention reports Newsfeed Interest Press Releases Views Views Features Reviews Columns New Anime Your Score for Recent Simulcasts Upcoming Anime List Upcoming DVD & Blu-Ray Weekly Rankings Fall 2019 Preview Guide Daily Streaming Reviews Encyclopedia Forum My ANN My ANN Subscribe » My Anime My Manga About Our Team Contact us Staff openings Privacy policy Copyright policy Advertise with ANN FAQ Report a Problem Bugs & Technical Questions Forum foot Infolinks disabled
